docs(reactnative): update react native docs to reflect new API (#133)
spokestack/spokestack-website: content/docs/React Native/cookbook.md

If speech is being processed when `deactivate` is called, it may still trigger the `onRecognize` event when processing is complete.

> ### Extracting an intent slot value from `classify()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Extracting a slot value from `classify()`
```

I realize this isn't specific to this PR, but we should rewrite this section. It's confusingly worded—the paragraph describes a model that looks like it could be handled by a keyword recognizer, but then the code suddenly introduces slots. Slots are unnatural for an intent like "start"; you'd want to configure an intent for "set a timer for _____" and have the slots there.

...maybe it's just that _I_ wouldn't say something like "start a 30 second timer"; I suppose that's a reasonable utterance, but either way, I think the description should be reworded to include a full phrase like that instead of just saying `start, stop, reset, start over`.

Author: Good point. Maybe for this example, the intent could be 'timer', and the slot value 30?

Reviewer: Sounds reasonable. You might want to keep units in there too ("30 second timer" vs "2 minute timer").

> Let's say you're creating a voice-controlled timer and wish to perform simplistic natural language processing to respond to a handful of commands: `start, stop, reset, start over`. Here's how to extract a slot value from a `classify()` result. Note that the intent and slot names are pre-determined by the NLU model metadata.

Reviewer 2: it would be good if this example could match with one of the free NLU models (highlow/minecraft/trivia, https://www.spokestack.io/account/services/nlu)

Author: I'm not sure I'm familiar enough with those models, specifically the intents in them, to give an example. Could we keep the timer one? It might even be simpler and get across the concept more clearly.

Reviewer 2: `Highlow` is even simpler. example in the ios docs: https://www.spokestack.io/docs/ios/getting-started#5-implementing-spokestackdelegate

Reviewer: I'm OK either way, but the Minecraft model is the one we've used in all our tray sample apps—it has the recipe intent with a single slot that we echo back to the user. That would make an easy enough example to swap in.

Author: So should I do Minecraft or Highlow? Side note: I think it'd be nice if our example models didn't have intent names starting with 'AMAZON.'.

Reviewer: I didn't know Noel had beaten me to commenting. I'm fine with whatever's easiest/whatever Noel prefers, though I do agree with you about the `AMAZON` thing. That's the downside of the shared models coming from our skill conversion contest.

Reviewer: One way around it would be to constrain the example to only explicitly handle the intent that has the slot, since that's what we're demonstrating. Those don't start with `AMAZON`.

Reviewer 2: I'm fine with either, just want it to be an existing model not a pretend one.

Author: Fair enough. I'll just show an example with "RecipeIntent"

```ts
const { intent, slots } = await Spokestack.classify(utterance).catch(
  handleError
)
switch (intent) {
  case 'start':
    // the "start" intent can have slots named "duration" and "units"
    var duration = slots.duration?.value
    var units = slots.units?.value
    // start a timer for `duration` `units` (eg 60 seconds) and change the UI accordingly
    break
  default:
  // handle an unexpected intent
}
```

### Synthesize speech formatted with [SpeechMarkdown](https://www.speechmarkdown.org/)

When creating a synthesis request, the request takes a dictionary with specific keys. The `id` field is for your convenience, and `voice` may be changed by creating a [Spokestack account](/account). The `input` is where the SpeechMarkdown-formatted text will be placed.

```javascript
const url = await Spokestack.synthesize(

>   'Yet right now the average age of this (50)[number] second Parliament is (49)[number] years old, [1s] OK.',

Reviewer: Such a strange example.

Author: lol, feel free to change. I didn't actually read the input that was there before.

Reviewer 2: Take it up with the New Zealand parliament.

Reviewer: This is what was left after you took out the `Boomer` :).

If speech is being processed when `deactivate` is called, it may still trigger the `onRecognize` event when processing is complete.

### Extracting a slot value from `classify()`

Let's say you're creating a voice-controlled timer and wish to perform natural language processing to respond to a handful of commands: `timer, stop, reset`. Here's how to extract a slot value from a `classify()` result. Note that the intent and slot names are pre-determined by the NLU model metadata.

```ts
const { intent, slots } = await Spokestack.classify(utterance).catch(
  handleError
)
switch (intent) {
  case 'timer':

>     // the "start" intent can have slots named "duration" and "units"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // the "timer" intent can have slots named "duration" and "units": "set a timer for {duration} {units}"
```

Reviewer: I'd definitely change the intent name in the comment; the addition to the end is optional, but I think it'd be good to give an example utterance somewhere, either here or in the description above.
